locus destroy not only crops but also
food stores their droppings contaminate
one little food they leave behind those
who eat it are poisoned
the balance of Egypt is broken
the plague has decimated the population
cemeteries overflow with the dead
the stench of death attract scavengers
but even in such desperate times the
people seek signs of hope their
imagination transforms the wild dogs and
jackals that scavenge around the
cemeteries into Anubis a God who escorts
the souls of the Dead into the
underworld
following the devastation by the locust
plague the Pharaoh must take control of
the crisis he must organize the
redistribution of the nation's reserves
from other parts of his kingdom the
villagers of Jame can now start to
rebuild their lives
but justice order returns to their world
terrible news arrives from the city of
Thebes the Pharaoh the man they believe
to be a God proves to be as mortal as
themselves
the Pharaoh is dead not only does he
leave a political vacuum but now there
is no one to intercede with the gods
the Egyptians ordered world is in danger
of descending into permanent chaos
for the Egyptians death is not the end
they believe that as long as the body is
intact the spirit can be kept alive
the Pharaoh is prepared for
mummification the organs are removed and
stored in canopic jars
all except the heart but which is placed
a scarab amulet this will be crucially
important later
the body is dried out with salt before
being wrapped in hundreds of metres of
bandages even in death the Pharaohs
responsibility to his people is not over
but it will take 70 days until he is
ready to perform the most important test
of his kingship and delivered them from
chaos